hi is Christina from loving and Bobby
and we're making baby food today on the
show we are peering some apples one of
the first ones you might start your baby
on when they're starting solids along
with sweet potato or a pair apples are a
good choice as well all right now with
making an apple baby puree so simple all
we do is wash them you just watch these
ones we just have to core them chop them
up just basically corner and peel them
get them on the stove and ready to go
all right so let's get started
so alpha baby food is very simple peel
them for them Corner them basically you
have four of these you're all set do
that with everything now making baby
food very simple today all we're using
is our simple pops we'll put some water
in just a little on the bottom for
seeming we've got a filter on this this
tap here if your baby's just starting
solids you do want to use more purified
water or you can even boil boil your
kettle and use cool boiled water for
steaming that's fine too simple
stainless steel steaming basket pop that
in there your apples we're ready to go
ok so our apples have been steamed let
me just get my fork just make sure
they're nice and soft perfect yep they
don't have to be too soft just a bit
firm as long as you can array them ok so
in here this is just a pot we've got a
steamer bag in there we're going to use
the same pot for puree just to save on
dishes and we'll save time so what we
need to do is reserve some of this
cooking water to use to get a nice
consistency of our puree you simply use
the water that you used for steaming
that should be more than enough and o
will drain the rest there's just a
little bit in there there we go and then
we simply took the apples right into the
pot
okay so now let me just grab one of our
solid starter kit baby food freezing
trays will pop these into the tray and
put them in the freezer there we go
these challenges and plastic you get two
of these premium baby food freezing
trays in the solid starter kit you also
get our recipe guide which is a free
download from mummy and Bubba com help
get you started so let's just pop these
in there the apple puree it just smells
so delicious like fresh just fresh
pureed apples nothing more nothing less
that's the beauty of making your own
homemade baby food you know exactly what
goes into it there you go so we do five
out those are quite large apples and see
there I'm going to try not to overfill
the cubes too much there you go just
take some out of there so we've got a
couple portions left here maybe can have
this right away you can even just put
this in a covered container in your
fridge Oh it'll be good for a couple of
days in the fridge so you called some
there too also excellent anyone can have
some lovely apple puree on their cereal
beautiful there we go pop the lid on and
it's ready for the free
you